Make PKCS12 stores in CA and User Secrets configurable (#12708)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.0

> * New Cluster operator configuration option `STRIMZI_PKCS12_KEYSTORE_GENERATION` to disable generating PKCS12 stores in CA and User Secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New Cluster operator configuration option `STRIMZI_PKCS12_KEYSTORE_GENERATION` to disable generating PKCS12 stores in CA and Kafka user `Secret` resources.
```
